as the attorney representing adrian's
trust
i'm required to read a prepared
statement
cecilia although our relationship
was far from perfect i thought that you
would talk to me rather than run away
are you okay
what happened to him he cut his wrist
for his final wishes you're getting five
million dollars
contingent of course on the fine print
it can't be ruled to be mentally
incompetent
it just doesn't make any sense what
adrian wouldn't kill himself
listen you're getting your freedom back
okay
don't let them haunt you hello
[Music]
i'm scared you don't have to be scared
of him anymore
he was a sociopath completely in control
of everything he said that wherever i
went
he would find me walk right up to me
and i wouldn't be able to see him
are you okay someone's sitting in that
chair
i found something that can prove what
i'm experiencing
you need help adrian is dead
i went to his house today he's not
dead i have a pile of ashes in the box
that would
disagree with you he has figured out a
way
to be invisible the only thing more
brilliant
than inventing something that makes you
invisible is coming up with the perfect
way to towards you
even in death
adrian's true genius was how he got in
people's heads don't come any closer
hey i'm not crazy
please listen to me you're saying the
person trying to kill you
he's in the room right now but we can't
see him
[Music]
where are you where are you show
yourself come on do it
there you are
[Music]
you